# pngcrush-crushed
Compress huge files produced by bytecode (WebAssembly)! I embed JS/CSS into a HTML web page and then compress it on www.scriptcompress.com/LZMA.htm - DEMO: PNGcrush (C++ compiled software.exe file converted to bytecode with Emscripten) compressed to a 420KB standalone web application (originally was over 2,800 KB) on http://jsfiddle.net/8gz9qr2y/show/. Now if I embed all HTML/CSS to JavaScript and then minify I got about 1MB before any real compression, but with compression ot gets down to 275 KB compressed: http://jsfiddle.net/d6Lntnqz/show/ (less than 10% the size of the original). Gzip alone only got the original down to 619 KB, so my tool beats gzip's ass, plus my compressed files self extract and execute with any web browser (mobile phone, tablets, #Linux ,  #Mac , ipad, #Windows , #wearables  etc) without any server needed (can even run offline, use free hosting spots that do not provide server side, embed to free blogs like blogger, etc)!

Client side decompression (extracts and runs in your web browser without need of a server) is useful for places without server side compression like blogs, cell phone applications, free hosting spots, storing local self extracting/executable web pages, standalone web page applications in HTML5 and more. It can also come in handy for embedding codes to HTML, escaping codes for HTML/JavaScript, encoding code (why bother with base64 encoding that makes everything 30% bigger, use our bzip packer instead for 50% smaller), hosting where you are limited space and/or bandwidth (server and/or get twice as much on a 10MB free web host), obfuscating your source codes (major obfuscation on www.whak.ca main page, but not compressors) and much more...

* About pngcrush:
* It is a free, open source command-line utility for optimizing PNG image files. It reduces the size of the file losslessly — that is, the resulting "crushed" image will have the same quality as the source image. The main purpose of pngcrush is to reduce the size of the PNG IDAT datastream by trying various combinations of compression methods and delta filters. However, pngcrush can also be used for various manipulations of PNG images, such as changing the bit depth, removing unwanted ancillary chunks, or adding certain chunks including gAMA, tRNS, iCCP, and textual chunks.
